compress_to_fp16 parameter in MO. (#13832)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/Deep_Learning_Model_Optimizer_DevGuide.md

the `--mean_values`, `scales_values`, `--layout`, and other parameters described
in the [Embedding Preprocessing Computation](prepare_model/Additional_Optimizations.md) article.

> The `--compress_to_fp16` compression parameter in Model Optimizer allows generating IR with constants (e.g. weights for convolutions and matrix multiplications) compressed to `FP16` data type. For more details, refer to the [Compression of a Model to FP16](prepare_model/FP16_Compression.md) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--compress_to_fp16` compression parameter in Model Optimizer allows generating IR with constants (for example, weights for convolutions and matrix multiplications) compressed to `FP16` data type. For more details, refer to the [Compression of a Model to FP16](prepare_model/FP16_Compression.md) guide.
```
